chore: release v0.10.0 (#723)
paritytech/jsonrpsee: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [v0.10.0] - 2022-04-04

> v0.10.0 is a release that fixes a regression in HTTP server where the `backlog` was configured to `128`, introduces a couple of new APIs and a few minor bug fixes.

Author: ```suggestion
v0.10.0 is a release that fixes a regression in the HTTP server where the `backlog` was configured to `128` (this is also configurable in this release) , introduces a couple of new APIs and a few minor bug fixes.
```

> v0.10.0 is a release that fixes a regression in the HTTP server where the `backlog` was configured to `128` (this is also configurable now), introduces a couple of new APIs and a few minor bug fixes.

Author: ```suggestion
v0.10.0 is a release that fixes a regression in the HTTP server where the backlog was hardcoded to 128 (this is now set to 1024 by default but also configurable), introduces a couple of new APIs and a few minor bug fixes.

If your usage expects a high rate of new HTTP connections you are encouraged to update or manually configure the socket based on the traffic characteristics 
```

### [Changed]
- [proc macros]: only generate unsub method if not provided (#702)
- [examples]: update pubsub examples [#705](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/705)
- core: remove `Error::Request` variant [#717](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/717)
- Replace async-channel [#708](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/708)
- chore(deps): bump actions/checkout from 2.4.0 to 3 [#710](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/710)
- CI: cache cargo hack installation [#706](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/706)
- CI: try nextest [#701](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/701)
- chore(deps): update tokio-util requirement from 0.6 to 0.7 [#695](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/695)

> - Move CI script to new location [#694](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/694)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CI: Move CI script to new location [#694](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/694)
```

Just to keep in line with the above, just a suggestion though.

### [Fixed]
- fix(client): close subscription when server sent `SubscriptionClosed` notification [#721](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/721)
- fix(http client): set reuseaddr and nodelay. [#687](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/687)
- fix(rpc module): unsubscribe according ethereum pubsub spec [#693](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/693)
- http server: fix regression set backlog to 1024 [#718](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/718)
- README.MD: fix link to `ws server` [#703](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/703)

### [Added]
- feat(http server): add new builder APIs `build_from_tcp` and `build_from_hyper` [#719](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/719)

> - feat: add `SubscriptionSink::pipe_from_try_stream` to support streams that returns `Result` [#720](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/720)

Author: ```suggestion
- feat(servers): add `SubscriptionSink::pipe_from_try_stream` to support streams that returns `Result` [#720](https://github.com/paritytech/jsonrpsee/pull/720)
```

## [Unreleased]

## [v0.10.0] - 2022-04-04

> v0.10.0 is release that fixes a regression in HTTP server where the `backlog` was configured to `128`

Author: ```suggestion
v0.10.0 is release a that fixes a regression in HTTP server where the `backlog` was configured to `128`, introduces a couple of new APIs and a few minor bug fixes.
```

> from this release on the `default backlog` is set `1024` by using `tokio::net::TcpListener`.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## [Unreleased]

## [v0.10.0] - 2022-04-04

> v0.10.0 is release that fixes a HTTP server regression where the `backlog` was configured to `128`

Author: ```suggestion
v0.10.0 is release that fixes a regression in HTTP server where the `backlog` was configured to `128`
```

> by default it is configured to `1024`. 

Author: ```suggestion
from this release on the `default backlog` is set `1024` by using `tokio::net::TcpListener`.
```

> In addition, this release introduces a couple new APIs for users to manually configure sockets based on their usage.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, this release introduces a couple new APIs for users to manually configure the HTTP server via `build_from_tcp` and `build_from_hyper`
```

> In addition, this release introduces a couple new APIs for users to manually configure sockets based on their usage.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, this release introduces a couple new APIs to manually configure the HTTP server via `build_from_tcp` and `build_from_hyper`
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
